okay welcome back guys today I'm showing
mind of scrapping belcraft um automatic
cold chunk machine thing is he wants it
but this is how it works so first my
quarry pumps the everything that it gets
in through these pipes and it gets sort
out gets sorted out through copper but I
get sorted out as you can see it gets
turns down there for the ic2 stuff
destra graph to but um I better turn
this off because that doesn't need to be
pumping but um it goes that gravel which
is the extras goes down into this chest
it goes to an infinite loop was I just
turned off because I don't want let's
get overheated um so this is the white
one so it the white goes through the
Flint yellow goes for gravel so Togo an
infinite loop which I just turned off
and I said that like a million times
already I'm bud home the Flint gets
pumped up here and takes a right at the
green since I made green be a flint in
the coal dust which is getting pumped
out of here it gets uh it is going into
this crafting table automatic crafting
table with this the template that's why
it's still in there there's always at
least a one of everything in here and
once that happens i get bump and once it
create creates it gets pumped out here
and it goes into this compressor which
is getting powered by these solar panels
this solar panels go through this glass
fiber these this word pair with power it
goes through this glass fiber cables
into the spat box do not you and do not
use an msf you or else um the cables
will explode I've tried every single
cable
you just need to use a back box sorry if
you already have like 10 million of
those power things already in there make
a new one um but um it gets pumped in
this compressor and make sure the pipes
for the coal balls cold chunks are going
to the top well not anyone else or as
they get into their or their depending
where it is and I made that mistake what
a few times wondering why that was
happening um and then it gets pumped out
by this redstone engine going to this
chest it gets pumped out of that chest
and goes through the CLO slot
uncompressed cool junk that's what's
called into this which is a compressed
cobol it makes this cool chunk on out of
obsidian and gets pumped into this chest
I think they're used for smelting not
sure but um well thanks for watching
everybody have a nice day and good bye